Hello everybody and welcome to the course.
This first section is all about getting up and running with Blender 2.8.
My name is Michael Bridges and I will be your primary instructor running through this course.
And I'm really looking forward to seeing what you guys end up creating.
Now this first section is for beginners so if you're already quite competent with Blender and you've
played with it a couple of times before you may want to go to the end of section challenge it's one
of the last lectures in this section and see whether you can complete it without any help.
Now if that is the case then you can jump straight into Section 2 and off we go for the rest of us.
Well we're going to start from the very beginning.
Learning about the interface learning how to manipulate objects within blender and you'll be amazed
at what you can create even without starting to do the fine details with modelling.
It's going to be so much fun and I'm really looking forward to seeing what you create.
So without any further ado that's hop in and start the course.